consolidate remaining alerts and notifications content (#3748)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/docs/product/alerts/notifications/index.mdx

You can manage these notifications in **User Settings > Notifications**.

## Workflow Notifications

Sentry sends workflow notifications to let you know about [issue state](/product/issues/states-triage/) changes. Workflow relates to actions that help you manage your issues, such as changing an issue’s state or commenting on it. By default, Sentry sends these notifications by email to members who are subscribed to the issue (see below for how subscription is determined). Workflow notifications are sent for:

- **Issue Resolved**: When a new issue is spotted in your code, it's in the Unresolved state. The issue state changes to Resolved when a project team member resolves it, either by manually changing its state in [sentry.io](https://sentry.io)) or by submitting a fix, or because of the project’s auto-resolve feature (if configured).
- **Regressions**: A regression happens when the state of an issue changes from Resolved back to Unresolved. An email is sent to all project team members.
- **Comments**: When a team member adds a new comment in the “Activity” tab of the detail page for the issue.
- **Assignment**: When an issue is assigned or unassigned.

> - **User Feedback**: When an issue has new user feedback. <!--TO DO add link here when the product side user feedback content is created-->

Reviewer: the layout is off here - I think it's because the end of the comment `-->` doesn't have a preceding space.

Also, I think the user feedback link would be to this SDK content `<PlatformLink to="/configuration/user-feedback/">user feedback</PlatformLink>`

> - **User Feedback**: When an issue has new user feedback. <!--TO DO add link here when the product side user feedback content is created-->

Author: ```suggestion
- **User Feedback**: When an issue has new [user feedback](<PlatformLink to="/enriching-events/user-feedback/">user feedback</PlatformLink>). 
```

> - **User Feedback**: When an issue has new [user feedback](<PlatformLink to="/enriching-events/user-feedback/">user feedback</PlatformLink>). 

Author: ```suggestion
- **User Feedback**: When an issue has new <PlatformLink to="/enriching-events/user-feedback/">user feedback</PlatformLink>. 
```

You receive workflow notifications when you’re subscribed to an issue, and you subscribe to issues by:

- Clicking the subscribe bell icon on an issue
- Involvement in a commit related to the issue
- Commenting on or bookmarking the issue
- Mention of you or your team in the issue
- You or your team being assigned to the issue

These notifications may have some overlap with alerts that are configured for a project.

## Deploy Notifications

Sentry sends deploy notifications to users who have committed to the release that was deployed. Learn more in the [deploy documentation](/product/releases/setup/#notify-sentry).

![An example of an email describing deployed features](deploy-emails.png)

## Quota Notifications

Sentry sends quota notifications to all owners of an organization when:

- 80% of the organization's error volume has been depleted **and** there is a projected overage for the billing period. If it’s not projected that your account will go over quota before the end of the billing period, you won’t receive this notification.
- Errors or transactions have exceeded the organization's quota, which includes on-demand capacity

> 

Author: @maheskett Is this accurate now?

Author: Thank you!
